hey guys today I'm doing a review slash
first impression video on a BB cream
from LA roche-posay and this one was
actually recommended to me by my
dermatologist when I went to him with
some skin concerns it's basically a
really good line for sensitive skin only
had the product that I'm using from the
line so far right now as an SPF motion I
use it as like my daily moisturizer so I
thought I would get a BB cream and a
shot because I'm always interested in
new ones and this normally goes for $29
but I was able to score it for a really
good deal because I got this really
awesome kit from the drugstore it was
kind of like an after holiday sale where
I got four products and this is a
full-size one for 1450 the other items
in here are a replenishing body balm a
thermal spring water and a cleansing
milk so it kind of gets me a chance to
try out some new product other details
about the BB cream there's only two
shades there's light and medium I got
the shade medium so hopefully this works
on me and it's basically an antique dull
complexion BB cream so it's supposed to
brighten you up it's for all skin types
it's 40 mils and yeah I think that's
pretty much all we need to know this
apply on face I have makeup basis or
daily moisturizer and avoid the eye area
so here's what a little dab of the color
looks like before I go and apply it on
my face it looks about the right color
for my skin tone I'm not wearing
anything right now except for my eyes
and my brows are done and I'm wearing a
little bit of lip gloss so I'll go and
do one half of my face and I'll show you
what it looks like
first thoughts is that it goes on really
thick almost like a really creamy like
our foundation but it does blend out I'm
a little worried about the color just
because it's it feels like it's a little
bit orange II and just doing that it
kind of pills off I don't know maybe
that's my SPF from underneath coming oh
I don't know if you can see that but
it's kind of pilling on my skin so I
really don't know what that means I
don't know if I've got to let it set
longer or if maybe that's my SPF coming
like the lotion that I used underneath
so boom I'm gonna go ahead and apply a
little bit more and then we'll get down
to the bottom here
we're gonna put a little bit more back
over the area where it pill just to kind
of see how it is now and I have like a
little blemish right here so I'm gonna
put a little bit more on that here's my
side-by-side with a BB cream on this
side and nothing on this side what do
you think I find that it gave me
coverage but I feel like it was a little
bit to oranjee or maybe it no I feel
like it might look a little bit orange
in my mirror I don't know if it's
picking that way picking up that weight
on camera I do appreciate how hydrated I
feel with it but I do find it looks
quite oily so what I think I'll do is I
will put it on the rest of my face I'll
powder it and then I'll show you what it
looks like as if I were gonna wear it
out so here's a quick look of it now
that I kind of look like myself a little
bit more and put on my concealer put on
my setting powder currently for 50 so
I'm gonna wear this because I do want to
see how it looks in a couple hours I'll
wear it I'll come back and show you guys
to see if I like it so much I'm scared
that I might get a little bit oily with
it because it did go on quite rich
feeling it right now it does feel really
good I feel really hydrated but for an
oily girl that can only mean that oils
coming I don't know one other little
detail that I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
put a little blob of this BB cream
versus the L'Oreal BB cream that I love
using I've done a video on this so you
can go and see that review so here is a
quick side by side on BB creams on this
side is the L'Oreal BB cream which has a
lot more yellow to it and then on this
side is the LA roche-posay BB cream
which I find has a lot more pink in
we'll see in a little bit how it looks
but yeah doing this on my hand kind of
made me go hmm cuz something
even from here you can kind of see so oh
no this will be a trial and error so I
will check back a little bit
hey guys I'm back and it is 8:20 and
I've been wearing this BB cream for a
couple hours now so I'm kind of back to
give my idea on how I feel this product
was I found that it did wear off in a
lot of places like my chin my blemish
underneath my nose and especially around
my nose I think that's always the areas
where I tend to wear makeup down a lot
quicker I just touched up my face with a
little bit of setting powder and it
brought down some of the shininess I
don't think it made me become too oily I
thought it was actually gonna be the
opposite that I was gonna be super oily
throughout the day but it actually
wasn't too too bad which I I like
because especially if I'm going to be
using a BB cream under my foundation for
more coverage or to act as a primer I
don't want it to be a really oily base
and then that means my foundation is
gonna be oily and then the powers that I
said it's still all the oils gonna seep
through so that is a plus I do find that
I think I'm becoming more and more okay
with the color it's not as dark as I
thought it was what I did like about the
BB cream though was that it was thicker
and I didn't know if I would like this
or not I really like the feeling of this
BB cream when you put it on it was like
a nice moisturizer almost so I almost
think that I would skip my moisturizer
step and use the BB cream just alone
because it should be like your
moisturizer your primer and a little bit
of coverage all-in-one because that is
what a BB cream is supposed to do so I
did like that because when I put it on
it was like nice coverage I felt like I
was covered up and even still looking at
this it does look like it's a nice
coverage it looks like I have I don't
want to take foundation cuz it's not
supposed to look like foundation but it
does look like I have a nice full face
on one of those products for summer that
you would love when you just need some
coverage but you
don't need a lot of product and it has
an SPF of 20 in it which is even better
my final thoughts on this BB cream are
that because it's still a drugstore
product yes it's definitely higher end
because this did cost $29 I still think
that I don't think it would be worth
buying it at $29 if it acts the same way
that a $10 BB cream would actually I did
buy it at 1450 for like four items which
is a scorn
cuz it's something that I've been trying
like the lion La Roche Posay that's cool
to me because I'm I really am hoping
that I'm not gonna have any breakouts or
any of those things that some of the
drugstore products might do because it
was dermatologist recommended number one
dermatologist recommended brand in Kenya
yes that's just a written thing let's
hope for it it makes me feel a little
more confident using the product so
that's my final thoughts I hope you guys
liked this review if there's anything
that you want to see me do like a little
review on or first impression leave it
in the comments below and I will see you
all in my next video